README.md, before:

# Prerequistes

You must have Node installed on your computer, in order to run script, 
Please follow instructions in the provided URL, 

`https://nodejs.org/en/download`

Please make sure `node` is in your environment path before running, as it is required in the upload stage. 

Make sure you have the Python 3.9 and higher virsion from url:

`https://python.org`

Also you will need Google Chrome browser installed.

--------------------------------------
### Installation

Clone the repository or donwload as a .zip archive directly from repository page.

For cloning this rep you must have Git installed and set up. If you are using Windows check https://git-scm.com/download/win and download latest virsion.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/makiisthenes/TiktokAutoUploader.git
```

Find Instalation.bat file in repository and launch it.

OR use cli commands below.

Install requirements for package.

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Install node packages.
```bash
cd tiktok_uploader/tiktok-signature/
npm i
```

------------
### Automation guide:

Installation instructions for Windows Task Scheduler for automation. If you are using UNIX systems, you need to set up Cron.

To access Windows Task Scheduler, use the Win+R key combination and enter taskschd.msc. Alternatively, search for it through the standard Windows search.

Then follow these steps:

1. Navigate to Task Scheduler Library: In the Task Scheduler window, on the left-hand side, navigate to "Task Scheduler Library". This is where you'll see existing tasks and where you'll create a new one.

2. Create a New Task: Right-click on "Task Scheduler Library" and select "Create Basic Task" or "Create Task" from the context menu. Both options will allow you to create a new task, but the latter offers more advanced options.

3. Name and Description: Give your task a name and an optional description to help you identify it later. You can use something like "TiktokScheduler".
In Security options section choose "Run whether user logged on or not", "Run with highest privileges", "Hidden", "Configure for: Windows *** (choose your win version)".

4. Choose Trigger: Select when you want the task to start. You can choose from options like "Daily", "Weekly", "Monthly", or "At log on". Follow the prompts to set the specific details for your chosen trigger.

5. Action: Select "Start a program".
Settings.
Find "upload_start.bat" file in your repository. Copy the path with the file name attached and insert into Program/Script section. Like this: ...\TiktokAutoUploader\upload_start.bat
Copy the path without file name and insert into "Start in" section. This is a mandatory field for our settings. Like this: ...\TiktokAutoUploader

6. Set Conditions: Unset all checkboxes.
   
7. Settings.
Set checkboxes:
Allow task to be run on demand;
Run task as soon as possible after a scheduled start is missed;
If task fails, fails every: 5 mins, 2 attempts;
Stop the task if it runs longer than: 4 hours;
If the task does not end when requested, force it to stop;

8. Finish: Review your settings and click "OK" to create the task. You may be asked to enter your user password for Windows.

------------
### Adding new user

Find Login.bat file in repository and start it manually. You will be asked to enter username (recommended to use tik-tok username) and  the youtube link to connected channel with .../videos adding.

If everything completes successfully, browser Google Chrome will be opened. Than you have to log in to your tik-tok account to create the cookies file, which can be found in CookiesDir in your project repository. Browser will be closed after logging in.

### Logs

Logs are being stocked in file ./Logging/app.log inside the project repository. As for now it is being written into one file, which clears before script starts. 

### Using program in CLI:

Show Current Users and Videos ⚙️:

All local videos must be saved under folder `VideosDirPath` if this doesn't exist please create one.

```bash
# Show all current videos found on system.
python cli.py show -v 
```

All cookies must be saved under folder `CookiesDir`, if this doesn't exist please create one.

```bash
# Show all current cookies found on system.
python cli.py show -c 
```

-----

Commit message:

adding new instructions to readme after fixing the problem with age restrictions

README.md, after:

# Prerequistes

You must have Node installed on your computer, in order to run script, 
Please follow instructions in the provided URL, 

`https://nodejs.org/en/download`

Please make sure `node` is in your environment path before running, as it is required in the upload stage. 

Make sure you have the Python 3.9 and higher virsion from url:

`https://python.org`

Also you will need Google Chrome browser installed.

--------------------------------------
### Installation

Clone the repository or donwload as a .zip archive directly from repository page.

For cloning this rep you must have Git installed and set up. If you are using Windows check https://git-scm.com/download/win and download latest virsion.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/makiisthenes/TiktokAutoUploader.git
```

Find Instalation.bat file in repository and launch it.

OR use cli commands below.

Install requirements for package.

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Install node packages.
```bash
cd tiktok_uploader/tiktok-signature/
npm i
```
------------

### Adding new user

Find **Login.bat** file in repository and start it manually. You will be asked to enter username (recommended to use tik-tok username) and  the youtube link to connected channel with **.../videos** adding.

If everything completes successfully, browser Google Chrome will be opened. Than you have to log in to your tik-tok account to create the cookies file, which can be found in **CookiesDir** in your project repository. Browser will be closed after logging in.

------------

### Automation guide:

Before automation you need to manualy launch first video uploade to your tik-tok channel. This have to be done as a workaround to problem with downloading age-restricted videos from youtube. 
Find **...\TiktokAutoUploader\upload_start.bat** file in project repository and launch it. Next follow the messages in cli, log in your youtube accaunt to create cookie cache, so you won't need to do this next time.

To access Windows Task Scheduler, use the Win+R key combination and enter taskschd.msc. Alternatively, search for it through the standard Windows search.

Then follow these steps:

1. Navigate to Task Scheduler Library: In the Task Scheduler window, on the left-hand side, navigate to "Task Scheduler Library". This is where you'll see existing tasks and where you'll create a new one.

2. Create a New Task: Right-click on "Task Scheduler Library" and select "Create Basic Task" or "Create Task" from the context menu. Both options will allow you to create a new task, but the latter offers more advanced options.

3. Name and Description: Give your task a name and an optional description to help you identify it later. You can use something like "TiktokScheduler".
In Security options section choose "Run whether user logged on or not", "Run with highest privileges", "Hidden", "Configure for: Windows *** (choose your win version)".

4. Choose Trigger: Select when you want the task to start. You can choose from options like "Daily", "Weekly", "Monthly", or "At log on". Follow the prompts to set the specific details for your chosen trigger.

5. Action: Select "Start a program".
Settings.
Find "upload_start.bat" file in your repository. Copy the path with the file name attached and insert into Program/Script section. Like this: **...\TiktokAutoUploader\upload_start.bat**
Copy the path without file name and insert into "Start in" section. This is a mandatory field for our settings. Like this: **...\TiktokAutoUploader**

6. Set Conditions: Unset all checkboxes.
   
7. Settings.
Set checkboxes:
Allow task to be run on demand;
Run task as soon as possible after a scheduled start is missed;
If task fails, fails every: 5 mins, 2 attempts;
Stop the task if it runs longer than: 4 hours;
If the task does not end when requested, force it to stop;

8. Finish: Review your settings and click "OK" to create the task. You may be asked to enter your user password for Windows.

------------

### Logs

Logs are being stocked in file **./Logging/app.log** inside the project repository. As for now it is being written into one file, which clears before script starts. 

### Using program in CLI:

Show Current Users and Videos ⚙️:

All local videos must be saved under folder `VideosDirPath` if this doesn't exist please create one.

```bash
# Show all current videos found on system.
python cli.py show -v 
```

All cookies must be saved under folder `CookiesDir`, if this doesn't exist please create one.

```bash
# Show all current cookies found on system.
python cli.py show -c 
```

-----
